docs: reflect feature lifecycle deprecations and the Tasks recategorization (#3064)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/development/roadmap.mdx

### 2. Agent Communication

> The Tasks extension ([SEP-1686](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol/issues/1686)) gave agents a reliable call-now / fetch-later pattern. Running it in production has surfaced gaps in the lifecycle semantics that the **Agents WG** should close:

Reviewer: Now that this says extension, the citation points at the wrong SEP: SEP-1686 is the core Tasks primitive this release removes, and the `io.modelcontextprotocol/tasks` extension is [SEP-2663](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol/pull/2663), which the draft [changelog](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/specification/draft/changelog) credits for moving "experimental tasks out of the core protocol and into an official extension".

```suggestion
The Tasks extension ([SEP-2663](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol/pull/2663)) gave agents a reliable call-now / fetch-later pattern. Running it in production has surfaced gaps in the lifecycle semantics that the **Agents WG** should close:
```
